Update README.md (#16)
RedHatInsights/ros-backend: README.md

python run.py
```

## Available v0 API endpoints

### Request
`GET /api/ros/v0/systems` Shows list of all systems from Host Inventory having a Performance Profile

>     curl -v -H "x-rh-identity: <header_value>" -H "Content-Type: application/json" https://ci.cloud.redhat.com/api/ros/v0/systems

Reviewer: If I am not wrong then I guess in CI env you will also need to pass username:password via `-u` option.

Reviewer 2: I'd suggest using final production url in the examples: https://cloud.redhat.com/api/ros/v0/systems . Users trying out ci/qa/staging environments should be replacing it with their specific urls.

Author: Ok makes sense! So @patilsuraj767 would the request for prod require -u option too?

Reviewer: @apuntamb I am not sure regarding the prod env.

### Response

    HTTP/1.1 200 OK
    Date: Thu, 24 Feb 2011 12:36:30 GMT
    Status: 200 OK
    Connection: close
    Content-Type: application/json

>     Content-Length: 2

Reviewer: I think we should remove this response header from the output/readme file.

Author: @patilsuraj767 I guess there should be no harm in showing the response header. For reference: https://github.com/bbc/REST-API-example/blob/master/README.md#create-a-new-thing. We can change it to precisely what details are shown in our response header. Thoughts?
@gnurag comments?

Reviewer: Ok, we can keep the response header.

    [{
        'fqdn': 'machine1.local.company.com',
        'display_name': 'machine1-rhel_test123',
        'id': '12345-57575757',
        'account': '12345',
        'vm_uuid': '12345a1',
        'state': 'Crashloop',
        'recommendation_count': 5,
        'organization_id': 1,
        'performance_score': {
            'cpu_score': 20,
            'memory_score': 20,
            'io_score': 20
        },
        'facts': {
            'cloud_provider': 'AWS',
            'instance_type': 'm4large',
            'idling_time': '20',
            'io_wait': '180'
        }
    }]

### Request

> `GET /api/ros/v0/systems/<host_id>` Shows the Performance Profile of the selected <host_id>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`GET /api/ros/v0/systems/<host_id>`  to get the individual system detail using their <host_id>
```

API response should contain detailed information not just performance record & score. Makes sense?

Author: Yeah sounds good!

>     curl -v -H "x-rh-identity: <header_value>" -H "Content-Type: application/json" https://ci.cloud.redhat.com/api/ros/v0/systems/<host_id>

Reviewer 2: Same comment about removing `ci.` from the url.

### Response

    HTTP/1.1 200 OK
    Date: Thu, 24 Feb 2011 12:36:30 GMT
    Status: 200 OK
    Connection: close
    Content-Type: application/json
    Content-Length: 2

    {"host_id": "12345-57575757", "performance_record": "{'avg_memory': '3998008.000', 'avg_memory_used': '2487908.973'}", "performance_score": "{'memory_score': 62}"}

### Request
`GET /api/ros/v0/status` Shows the status of the server

>     curl -v -H "x-rh-identity: <header_value>" -H "Content-Type: application/json" https://ci.cloud.redhat.com/api/ros/v0/status

Reviewer 2: Same comment about removing ci. from the url.
